Expanding the Notification Tray
What is the behaviour when you click on the status bar and then let go in a standard portrait app (status bar visible)?
What is the behaviour when you click on the status bar and then let go in a standard landscape app (status bar visible)?
What is the behaviour when you click on the status bar and then let go in the launcher?
What is the behaviour when you click on the status bar and then let go in a full screen app (make status bar visible via sticky immersive first)?
How far do you have to flick down from the status bar to make the notification tray expand?
What happens when you click the status bar and drag down?
If you click the status bar and drag down, what is the threshold at which the notification tray will collapse after letting go?
If you click the status bar and drag down, what is the threshold at which the notification tray will expand after letting go?
What ways are there to expand the notification panel without clicking or dragging the status bar?


Behaviour when Notification Tray is Expanded
What happens when you press back?
What happens when you rotate the phone from portrait -> landscape?
What happens when you rotate the phone from landscape -> portrait?
What happens when you lock the phone?
What happens when you leave the phone idle and it goes to sleep with no lock screen (i.e., disable it in settings)?
What happens when you press the home key?
What happens when you press the menu/task switch key?
What happens when you swipe up on the tray?
What happens when you press on unused/transparent areas (I.e., can see launcher/app underneath)?
What other ways are there to close the notification tray?


Status Bar Behaviour
If an app is in true full screen mode, how can you bring back the status bar?
If an app is in true full screen mode, does the window overlay solution affect the app’s responsiveness to clicks over the overlay region (i.e., status bar region)
Does the custom status bar persist on the lock screen?
Does the status bar solution disappear/get killed in low memory conditions
What ways are there to kill the status bar solution (window overlay)?


Kris’ Questions
Feasibility of implementing custom notification tray (like Snowball)
Feasibility of putting a prominent, persistent notification into the standard notification list (like media player)
Feasibility of adding functionality to any existing notification (e.g. a cast button to notifications that contain media, e.g. photo)
Feasibility of putting a glowing icon into the top system notifications tray
Feasibility of putting a “cast” button on the lock screen
Feasibility of using the edge (color, glow, etc.) to notify users
Please send out a consolidated document with the results of this before our meeting tomorrow.  For tomorrow’s meeting, I would like to get your opinion on what the largest gaps between our prototype and stock are; and prioritize which ones we should investigate/implement technical solutions for.